This one is the island country.
The latest development of Sharp mobile phones
Wow, the way this flip opens is amazing.
As expected of an island country
If the shooting was mediocre today
I'm afraid that alone is enough to win the grand prize of shooting
It seems that everyone
The appearance of the phone that has been scared away is stunning
In fact, the appearance is just this phone.
The least significant advantage
It's actually much more powerful.
Especially the fuselage
It is made of the latest high-tech materials
Hey, what's this?
Ha ha.
Ouch, I'm going here
Okay, I wanted to
Gorgeous newly developed stand-in material for walking
What did you all do to win this technology selection?
What opportunities do you see in addition?
This phone will also play the computer game Tetris
Built into the phone
Look at the big screen
That's pretty advanced.
Mobile phone companies in our country
Why didn't the industry think of this?
With the current scientific and technological strength of our country
There's no way to do that.
Well, that's not the most important thing.
You all know that.
There was an earthquake in Tiancheng a few days ago.
If this phone could predict the weather
Even natural disasters
Can everyone avoid risk in advance?
Yeah, yeah.
Can this phone still predict natural disasters?
Not yet.
But this phone
The function of predicting the weather has been introduced
Built into the phone
Can predict the weather in real time
Accuracy up to 70%
I believe in the near future
The function of predicting natural disasters will definitely be realized
Ok ok great
So capable
As expected of a big name in the island country
It's really state-of-the-art technology
It is not something that some domestic products can catch up with.
Mom, did we take you?
How good it would be to listen to my marriage to Hu Shao earlier
That's good.
The bonus is gone, Gorgeous is going bankrupt
You and Yaoyao are going to live in a cave and drink the northwest wind
Yes, sister, Qin Feng, that trash, besides talking
Big talk is useless
He is not qualified to come on an occasion like today
Hu Shao is a hundred times stronger than him
It's not over if you regret it now, is it?
Are there any companies that want to run for election?
How can this compare?
Yes!
We design mobile phones to be available for at least 10 years
You will never get Duan Mengxue's 100 million bonus
You and gorgeous can't escape my palm
Since there is no
Then I declare
The first place to win this selection is Sharp mobile phone
Okay, okay, okay.
The next mobile phone will receive a 100 million bonus
Do you have any comments?
I have an opinion